Add occ files:remove-storage command (#978)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/server/occ_commands/core_commands/_file_commands.adoc

`files:cleanup` tidies up the server's file cache by deleting all file entries that have no matching entries in the storage table.

== The files:remove-storage command

> When a mount point gets removed, the storage ID and file cache related info stay in the database. This can over time consume considerable amount of database space respectively can slow down database queries. Withe the `files:remove-storage` command, these orphans can be removed. As a rule of thumb though not necessary in any case, using this command should be considered to run in single user mode to avoid any conflicting access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a mount point gets removed, the storage ID and file cache related info stay in the database. Over time, this can consume a considerable amount of database space and can slow down database queries. With the `files:remove-storage` command, these orphans can be removed. As a rule of thumb, though not essential, this command should be run in single user mode to avoid any conflicting access.
```

[source,bash,subs="attributes+"]
----
{occ-command-example-prefix} files:remove-storage --help
 Usage:
   files:remove-storage [options] [--] [<storage-id>]...
----

=== Arguments

[width="100%",cols="23%,70%",]
|===

> | `storage-id` | Remove a storage from the storages table and related files from the filecache table.

Reviewer 2: seems a wrong description for the argument

Author: Fixed, thanks for catching 👍

`files:cleanup` tidies up the server's file cache by deleting all file entries that have no matching entries in the storage table.

== The files:remove-storage command

When a mount point gets removed, the storage ID and file cache related info stay in the database. Over time, this can consume a considerable amount of database space and can slow down database queries. With the `files:remove-storage` command, these orphans can be removed. As a rule of thumb, though not essential, this command should be run in single user mode to avoid any conflicting access.

[source,bash,subs="attributes+"]
----
{occ-command-example-prefix} files:remove-storage --help
 Usage:
   files:remove-storage [options] [--] [<storage-id>]...
----

=== Arguments

[width="100%",cols="23%,70%",]
|===
| `storage-id` | The numeric ID of the storage.
|===

=== Options

[width="100%",cols="25%,70%",]
|===
| `--chunk-size=[value]`   | The number of rows that will be deleted at the same time. Defaults to 1000.
| `--show-candidates`      | Show possible candidates for obsolete storages. This query can take a while.
|===

[IMPORTANT]
====

> This command should be handled with absolute care because *any* storage ID and the correlated file cache can be removed. For security reasons, the following advices are given:

Reviewer 2: Is it "safety reasons"?

> This command should be handled with absolute care because *any* storage ID and the correlated file cache can be removed. For security reasons, the following advices are given:

Author: ```suggestion
This command should be handled with absolute care because *any* storage ID and the correlated file cache can be removed. For safety reasons, the following advices are given:
```

* Switch to single user mode.
* Make a backup of the database first.
* To identify removal candidates, run this command with option `--show-candidates` first.
====

=== Example Output

[source,bash,subs="attributes+"]
----
{occ-command-example-prefix} files:remove-storage --show-candidates
----

[source,plaintext]
----
+------------+-------------------------------------------------+------------+
| storage-id | name                                            | file_count |
+------------+-------------------------------------------------+------------+
| 3          | local::/mnt/project/files/                      | 3          |
| 12         | wnd::MOUNTAIN\mountainUser1@10.0.2.203/foobar// | 9          |
| 15         | NULL                                            | 8          |
+------------+-------------------------------------------------+------------+
----

> Note that the ID can be NULL as shown at storage 15 if there is no info about it in the `oc_storages` table. It can also be hashed if it's too long (as it is in the DB).

Reviewer 2: The `ID` should be changed to `name`
